at least four Palestinians have been
killed and several have been injured in
Israeli air strikes on tents near the
alaa hospital in daab Bala the initial
report suggest that the attack has been
aimed at tents that have been housing
people who have been Sheltering from the
violence and journalists we can join Al
jazer hind kri now live from the AL AXA
Hospital compound hind I know you and
the team have reported on many occasions
from Al AXA hospital just bring us up to
date with first of all with what's been
happening since this latest attack
[Music]
it was a horrifying incident where at
12:00 p.m. today the Israeli forces
targeted a tent in ALA Hospital in it's
a tent surrounded by hundreds of other
tents at least two Palestinians have
been killed 15 have been injured
including at least five journalists this
hospital is not only a hospital it's a
shelter and a refuge for thousands of
Palestinians who made and set up their
tents and there have been living here uh
journalists have been uh working from uh
the hospital for months now this is not
only a hospital it's a house and a home
uh for hundreds uh of Palestinians
especially uh under uh this displacement
conditions um talking to a lot of people
uh displaced here they're saying that
they're terrified that this incident is
repeating itself where uh cha hospital
has been attacked in the previous months
and norer hospitals and Palestinians are
saying that they do not feel safe
anywhere and they don't know where
they're going to go after the hospital
has been um directly targeted by the
Israeli forces hind we've had a
statement from the Reuters news agency
which is quoting Israel's military
saying that it was targeting it carried
out the air strikes targeting um an area
operated by what it's calling the armed
is isamic Jihad group in the courtyard
of the hospital um can you tell me was
there any way of distinguishing the
tents in which particularly the
journalists were working because as we
can see obviously you and your
colleagues have press across your uh the
the protective clothing that you have
there was there any way of making the
tents for the journalists working uh
more distinctive to show that it was
press that was working
there well I told you we have been
living and coming to this hospital since
November we never witnessed any type of
any uh military action in the hospital
uh my my colleagues work in the in in
the tent sticking to this tent um we
have been also talking with other
displaced people surrounding the tent
they personally know uh the person that
was killed inside the tent they said
that he uh sells vegetables on uh uh a a
near near the hospital and in the market
we never saw any uh military action we
never saw anything related to Islamic
Jihad in uh the hospital we come the we
come here every single day because we
have been all uh being displaced and the
hospital is the only place that provides
uh journalists with internet and
electricity because there is a solar
panel here um the hospital is also full
with displaced people and uh the like I
I believe that this uh a claim has been
a justification to justify the target of
uh of Palestinians and we have been
seeing this ongoing for 6 months right
now Palestinians being targeted in un
shelters in hospitals in schools and
always it's the same claim military
action Islamic Jihad and Hamas uh
there's no uh proof that there has been
any Islamic Jihad in the hospital and in
the tent targeted
H thank you very much indeed as you're
talking to us of course we can hear the
Drone from the quadcopters that are
flying above you which obviously
obviously as we know the Israeli
military use to monitor areas like that
to be able to identify who is on the
ground HRI thank you very much indeed